Team,

As discussed , sharing the artifacts .

Good Luck

Copying your Technical mentors (  Senthil and Jibin )as well. 

Irshad,

When you want the help of Technical mentors , please collect your questions and schedule a meeting with them in the evening.

Regards
Naren

Task:
Create a daily Fact Sheet
The daily fact

Main Problem: Where do we gather the data from?
We only need to crawl the web for the NAV. our NAV is the 


Technical Questions: 
	Since inception (p.a.) is it the total growth/loss over the number of years?


Requirements Gathering:
	How are we supposed to gather the value for Bid-Bid (%), Offer-Bid (%), Benchmark (%)?
	Which websites to use? (SGX for local) (search on yahoo? for all) (which data are we supposed to scrape for?) (it has to be accurate)
	Do we have access to the fund bid since inception?
	How to get the shares allocation?
	For the daily fact sheet, the 1 month bid-bid is from current date to previous month end?
	Are we supposed to produce two separate fact sheet?
	Do you require a function to update the fund allocations? (Does the fund info changes?)
	Do we need shares allocation and if so, how do we gather that?
	Are we given all the fund details? (esp the NAV we need the number of shares?)
	Are we supposed to be able to create a live form on demand for customers?
	Does the offer-bid need to take into account the intial investment fee? If so, how to calculate?	


	Nonfunctional requirements:
		Types of graph?
		How fast the system needs to be?
		What is included in the performance history? 1 day- 2 day etc?
		What time of the day are we supposed to gather the data?


meeting: 
What is benchmark? Benchmark is an index of a sum of companies.
SGX (local), nysc (global), 
Fee structure - 2% initial
The fees, fund manager, details, etc should be configurable (in a config file)
start date is configurable
have one month worth of data
dividend? is always reinvested
error handling, previous day closing, generate when market is close
NAV fixed 98M
dont need to shuffle the stocks
one fact sheet for each fund
run everyday morning, in minutes, justify why.
mail to clients
security
levy fees - use to calculate bid price (configurable)
learn visualisation tools (tablo, clickview..)
top 5
vertical sector - sector, geo is not required
fund details - configurable

bid price is nav divided by liability (


By Friday: Follow SRS (T matrix) (choose and give a reason)
T matrix is for us	


Meeting on SRS

To do:
Use database SQL
use a vb script for the fund manager to edit the details and check anytime
change user interface to the vb script
have a slider for the fund manager to see the data (if doable), calender will be easier
put in fake data for the performance table
put in the fund fact sheet in the srs
put in two column
put in more data(1 year?)
ust template for srs
more specific workflow process for user experience
activity flow chart for fund manger console (including screenshots)


Done:
use shall instead of will


Final Presentation Takeaway:
profile for the person who has logged in
keep the menu as a side bar, or top bar
keep the things aligned
validation 
consistency for the logout
sorting option
bid bid should be prestige
update disclaimer

C# 
put css to separate files
give meaningful names to variables
coding standards
do a code review based on coding standards
should not invoke query directly from the main class, layers segregation
configuration file (useful for multiple languages)
take note of SQL injection
use SQl connection then add parmaeters to it
use prepared statements to avoid SQL injection
JS is good for validation
web server has to be IIS
to get the language for asp and jsp
they are translated by the web server
http is the standard protocol for sending the information
ftp listening to another port
always engage with the customer.
